THE BIG PICTURE
----------------------------------------------------------------

This version is incomplete in the sense of being ALPHA,
but also in a more fundamental sense.

The original concept for SimData relied on Python/SWIG
(with special support for cross-language polymorphism) to 
provide an interface for dynamically setting class member 
variables as indicated by the source XML stream.  While 
this approach worked, it forced the application using 
SimData to wrap all classes that loaded external data 
with SWIG.

Somewhere (well) along the way, I thought of a less intrusive
way to allow SimData to access class member variables in
the target application.  The application still must define
a minimal Python module in order to initialize the class
interfaces, but this is much less onerous than the previous
approach.  The downside is this new method relies on nested
classes to provide XML interfaces.  Since SWIG does not
currently support nested classes, it is no longer possible 
to extend XML interfaces of application classes using 
Python.  Also, much of the Python code found in SimData.py 
which was intended to assist in such extension is now 
obsolete.  Once a future version of SWIG supports nested 
classes (which appears to be a priority for SWIG's developers), 
new Python code will need to be written to replace much of 
what is now in SimData.py.

Recently (April 2003) I've been considering Boost::Python
bindings as well.  Boost supports nested classes and poly-
morphism, but requires more hands-on wrapping.  A new
project called Pyste promises to provide much more automated
wrapping capabilities to Boost, using an interface design
that is very similar to SWIG.  This is still a bit too
immature for use in SimData, but it may be a viable option
before long.


OTHER 
----------------------------------------------------------------

    * Improve the build on Linux and Windows.  This has already
      gotten considerably better, but there's always more work
      to do.

    * Eliminate unnecessary inline code from headers.
    
    * Check for unnecessary header includes.
    
    * Bug Dave about adding nested class support to SWIG
    
    * Add filename parameter and reporting to data archive exceptions
    
    * Eliminate excessive header interdependencies
    
    * Consider eliminating pack/unpack object methods, instead using the 
      interface proxy classes to serialize objects. This may be much less 
      error-prone. (but perhaps too inflexible?)

    > This is now partially implemented.  I'm holding off on completing
      this feature for the time being.
      
    * More cleanup of the Link<> base classes.

    * Add an OSG Math adapter header.

